[Agent Builder] Document trace collection (9.5) (#7322)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/permissions.md

Learn more about [index privileges](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/security-privileges.md#privileges-list-indices).

#### Read trace data [read-trace-data]

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.5+
serverless: ga
```

> {{agent-builder}} can [collect agent traces](collect-traces.md) into your {{es}} deployment. Trace data is stored in the `traces-agent_builder.otel-*` data stream. To read it, a role needs `read` and `view_index_metadata` on that pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{agent-builder}} can [collect agent traces](collect-traces.md) into your {{es}} deployment. Trace data is stored in  `traces-agent_builder.otel-*` and `logs-agent_builder.otel-*` data streams. To read it, a role needs `read` and `view_index_metadata` on that pattern.
```
